So we talked a little bit about some of the alternatives.
So at this point,
we're going to take a little bit of time to knock out a few more issues in
our GitHub repository related to Broswerify and Sass.
And these ones are fairly simple,
should be a nice warmup for the rest of the day.
So let's head out to GitHub and see which tasks
have been flagged with exercise5.
So, we have a couple of bits here.
The Browserify-related task is to add ES2016 presets to our Babel configuration
in addition the ES2015 presets that we're currently using.
So our front-end JavaScript, clearly not progressive enough.
Need to add in some additional next generation ECMAScript features.
So,
we are going to be changing our transformation configuration to
allow us to include those ES2016 features as well.
So that is one task to add to the configuration.
The other is to update the styles for our todos page.
And the thing that you're going to want to accomplish here is to ensure that
the links in the footer --- so down here it's going to,
I'm going to have to scroll way down.
So these links in the footer right now are not colored
significantly differently than the rest of the text,
so what we'd like to do is make those links in the footer the same
color as this header up at the top of the page.
And I don't know about you, but that's really hard for me to read,
so I think messing with the opacity or the color of that h1,
deciding on one that's a little bit easier to read,
and then essentially ensuring that the color is stored in a
variable that we can use both in the header and in the links
way down here at the footer.
So it'll require to use at least that one feature of Sass.
So I feel like it's something we can knock out in a
relatively short period of time,
so I'll think we'll take about 20 minutes and then
come back as a group to knock it out.
Yes, Mark.
There's a question about is there a reload module that you recommend?
There is LiveReload, is a popular one that you can use with Grunt.
I don't use one.
Like I work on a project that does use one,
and it like,
it just constantly pisses me off because reloading the page I'm on like every
time I save a file just isn't the behavior I want usually.
So I don't use one, but LiveReload is a popular one.
So LiveReload would reload the entire page.
I think hot reloading is reloading an individual module.
Oh right, yeah.
_____ which is typically people who use like hot reloading with webpacking,
React, right?
Yeah, I think that's a feature of those tools,
so I don't have one that I recommend because I don't --- Yeah,
I know that there's Hot Module Reloading upfront really that I know of.
Yeah, I'm not familiar with that specifically.
Yeah, I know that React tooling does that.
It's especially to a great effect like if you're using React native,
like it'll reload the code in the simulator,
but there isn't one that I use.
So, my answer is derp there, I guess.
Alright,
so let's go ahead and try to knock out those two issues in our GitHub repo.
And yeah, we'll take about 20 minutes break to do that.
We'll take a look at any pull requests that come in and merge those down,
and we'll move on to some Vue. js stuff after that.